documentation in sphinx format (#1090)
openvinotoolkit/model_server: docs/binary_input.md

in the OVMS configuration "layout": "NHWC" or the command line parameter `--layout NHWC`. In result, the model will
have effective shape [1,224,224,3].

> In case the model was trained with color format RGB and range other then 0-255, the [model optimizer](tf_model_binary_input.md) can apply required adjustments:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case the model was trained with RGB color format and a range other than 0-255, the [Model Optimizer](tf_model_binary_input.md) can apply the required adjustments:
```

> `--reverse_input_channels`: Switch the input channels order from RGB to BGR (or vice versa). Applied to original inputs of the model if and only if a number of channels equals 3. Applied after application of --mean_values and --scale_values options, so numbers in --mean_values and  --scale_values go in the order of channels used in the original model  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`--reverse_input_channels`: Switch the input channels order from RGB to BGR (or vice versa). Applied to original inputs of the model **only** if a number of channels equals 3. Applied after application of --mean_values and --scale_values options, so numbers in --mean_values and  --scale_values go in the order of channels used in the original model  
```
